enable debugging of events before pnl report (#4446)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

   :statuscode 409: No user is currently logged in.
   :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error.

Export PnL report debug data
============================

> .. http:post:: /api/(version)/history/debug

Reviewer: What do you think about an option to export to a json file? From my perspective that would be good since there possibly can be a ton of events and thus a very very huge response

Author: Because an async task can only return a dict, that's quite a limitation.

Reviewer: Mm, why? What is wrong in writing to a file and then in a `dict` in the response returning a path to that file?

Author: Well, the disparity between the Docker & Electron version. One expects a blob(to be downloaded), the other provides a path for the data to be written to

                "last_data_upload_ts": 0,
                "ui_floating_precision": 2,
                "taxfree_after_period": 31536000,
                "balance_save_frequency": 24,
                "include_gas_costs": true,
                "eth_rpc_endpoint": "http://localhost:8545",
                "ksm_rpc_endpoint": "http://localhost:9933",
                "dot_rpc_endpoint": "",
                "main_currency": "USD"
            },
            "ignored_events_ids": {
                "trade": ["X124-JYI", "2325"],
                "ethereum_transaction": ["0xfoo", "0xboo"]
            }
        },
          "message": ""
      }

   :resjson object result: Boolean denoting success or failure of the query.

   :statuscode 200: Debugging history data returned successfully
   :statuscode 400: Provided JSON is in some way malformed.
   :statuscode 409: No user is currently logged in.
   :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error.

Import PnL report debug data
============================

.. http:put:: /api/(version)/history/debug
.. http:patch:: /api/(version)/history/debug

   .. note::
      This endpoint can also be queried asynchronously by using ``"async_query": true``

>    Doing a PUT on the PnL report debug endpoint with a path to the debug PnL json file will import the history events, settings and ignored action identifiers.

Reviewer: Aha, you use `PUT` and `PATCH` for different types of file importation. This difference should be mentioned here.

>    Doing a PUT on the PnL report debug endpoint with a path to the debug PnL json file will import the history events, settings and ignored action identifiers.

Author: Ooops. Skipped this.

   **Example Request**:

   .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

      PUT /api/1/history/debug HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042
      Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8

       {
            "file": "/home/user/Documents/pnl_debug.json",

>             "async_query": true

Author: The actual response is an `OK_RESULT`

   :statuscode 409: No user is currently logged in.
   :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error.

Querying complete action history for debugging purposes
=======================================================

.. http:get:: /api/(version)/history/debug

   .. note::
      This endpoint can also be queried asynchronously by using ``"async_query": true``

   .. note::
      This endpoint also accepts parameters as query arguments.

>    Doing a GET on the history endpoint will trigger a query and processing of the history of all actions (trades, deposits, withdrawals, loans, eth transactions) within a specific time range alongside the user settings and ignored events identifiers.

Reviewer 2: /s/GET/POST
```suggestion
   Doing a  POST on the PnL report debug endpoint will trigger a query and processing...
```

Also this should not just trigger the history. In fact it should not process the history, just create it and export it.

                "taxable_ledger_actions": [
                    "income",
                    "expense",
                    "loss",
                    "dividends income",
                    "donation received",
                    "grant"
                ],
                "pnl_csv_with_formulas": true,
                "pnl_csv_have_summary": false,
                "ssf_0graph_multiplier": 0,
                "last_data_migration": 3,
                "non_syncing_exchanges": []
            },
            "ignored_events_ids": {
                "trade": ["X124-JYI", "2325"],
                "ethereum transaction": ["0xfoo", "0xboo"]
            }
            },
          "message": ""
      }

   :resjson object result: This returns the requested Pnl debug data. ``"events"`` represent the history events created within specified timestamps. ``"settings"`` represent the user settings as at when the pnl debug was exported. ``"ignored_events_ids"`` represent action identifiers ignored by the user.

   :statuscode 200: Debugging history data returned successfully
   :statuscode 400: Provided JSON is in some way malformed.

>    :statuscode 409: No user is currently logged in.

Author: The errors are dynamic so it'll be difficult to pinpoint exactly where they're being raised. Idk if you get me

>    :statuscode 409: No user is currently logged in.

Reviewer: Hm... We might ask opinion of other devs but what if an API consumer at some point receives an error and is like: `WHAT? WTF did these guys do there? This error was not documented! Now my projected stopped working and I'm losing $1 trillion per second!!`

Btw, I'm not sure if I get you :) What do you mean by dynamic? Do you mean that we can't predict and describe exact circumstances which can cause an error? I would mention at least then that there can be an error for some other reason rather that only `Provided JSON is in some way malformed.` or `No user is currently logged in.`

                "version": 32,
                "last_write_ts": 1654528773,
                "premium_should_sync": false,
                "include_crypto2crypto": true,
                "last_data_upload_ts": 0,
                "ui_floating_precision": 2,
                "taxfree_after_period": 31536000,
                "balance_save_frequency": 24,
                "include_gas_costs": true,
                "eth_rpc_endpoint": "http://localhost:8545",
                "ksm_rpc_endpoint": "http://localhost:9933",
                "dot_rpc_endpoint": "",
                "main_currency": "USD",
                "date_display_format": "%d/%m/%Y %H:%M:%S %Z",
                "last_balance_save": 0,
                "submit_usage_analytics": true,
                "active_modules": [
                    "uniswap",
                    "eth2",
                    "aave",
                    "loopring",
                    "balancer",
                    "yearn_vaults_v2",
                    "makerdao_vaults",
                    "compound",
                    "liquity",
                    "pickle_finance",
                    "nfts",
                    "sushiswap"
                ],

>                 "frontend_settings": "{\"defi_setup_done\":false,\"timeframe_setting\":\"REMEMBER\",\"visible_timeframes\":[\"All\",\"1Y\",\"3M\",\"1M\",\"2W\",\"1W\"],\"last_known_timeframe\":\"2W\",\"query_period\":5,\"profit_loss_report_period\":{\"year\":\"2022\",\"quarter\":\"ALL\"},\"thousand_separator\":\",\",\"decimal_separator\":\".\",\"currency_location\":\"after\",\"refresh_period\":-1,\"explorers\":{},\"items_per_page\":10,\"amount_rounding_mode\":0,\"value_rounding_mode\":1,\"dark_mode_enabled\":false,\"light_theme\":{\"primary\":\"#7e4a3b\",\"accent\":\"#e45325\",\"graph\":\"#96DFD2\"},\"dark_theme\":{\"primary\":\"#ff5722\",\"accent\":\"#ff8a50\",\"graph\":\"#E96930\"},\"graph_zero_based\":false,\"nfts_in_net_value\":true,\"dashboard_tables_visible_columns\":{\"ASSETS\":[\"percentage_of_total_net_value\"],\"LIABILITIES\":[\"percentage_of_total_net_value\"],\"NFT\":[\"percentage_of_total_net_value\"]},\"date_input_format\":\"%d/%m/%Y %H:%M:%S\",\"version_update_check_frequency\":24,\"enable_ens\":true}",

Author: Frontend settings are saved as string. So a `json.dumps()`

That's the reason for the escaping
